fix(curriculum):  Swapped the hint messages for task-45 (#67317)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/learn-determiners-and-advanced-use-of-articles/6811d53beae5f4069ee1ec01.md

### --feedback--

> These words refer to future development and expansion strategies for a business. It's a plural noun often used without an article when mentioned in a general context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two words refer to future development and expansion strategies for a business. The second word is in the plural form.
```
